**Welcome to our Direct Messaging App**

A direct messaging application created with Python for the back end and Tkinter for the front end. The application connects to a remote server where it both sends and receives API calls to directly communicate with other users. The app features a message log, a message typing area, user profiles, and dark or light mode.

**Instructions**

Upon running the a6.py module, the application will open. On the left will be the treeview that will hold all current conversations for the user. On the top right will be a message log for the selected conversation from the treeview. On the bottom right is where the user can types in messages and press the send button below that will send them to the selected recipient from the treeview. To begin, a dsu profile must be either created or loaded in the top left drop-down menu titled 'File'. When creating a new profile, the name must have '.dsu' added to the end of it. After creating a new profile, open the profile in the same 'File' menu. Now go to the other drop-down menu labeled 'Settings'. Here you can press 'Add User' to create a new conversation with the user you typed inbetween the quotes. This new conversation will pop up in the treeview and direct messaging can commence. During this whole time, an event loop is happening every 5 seconds that will check the current profile's inbox for new messages and add them to the treeview to update the profile. Also under the 'Settings' drop-down menu is our flourish.. The flourish we created was a dark mode on and off. It changes the background of certain parts of the program to a darker grey if the user prefers it. It can be turned on or off at any time during the program.
